The collapse of the credit markets have left millions
of people frozen in their tracks,
unable to pay their loans and credit card bills on one hand,
and not able to obtain any new credit on the other.
How did we become so ensnared in this debacle?
And how can we find our way out when everything seems
to be collapsing around us?
James Martinez has an online radio show titled, Cash Flow,
and he guides his listeners through the process
of getting out from under debt,
but he says this process is not for the faint-hearted.
(serene guitar music)
This interview is somewhat of a surprise even for me
because we were going to talk just about the subject
of credit, which is very important, too.
Millions upon millions of people right now
after the downturn in the economy.
But what we're actually going to talk about as well,
is money and mind control,
and I don't think it's a stretch for anyone watching this
to understand, these two go together.
We have been narcotized, mesmerized, and hypnotized
into a state of chronic and almost unrelenting debt.
Certainly not just as a nation but in other countries
as well.
Where do we even begin on this?
Let's start.
One of the things when I first started
is I wanted to explain,
not only the banking infrastructure and how it worked,
but why people do the things they do
in relationship to their money.
And how we conditionally,
after years and years of being told, and educated,
and social conditions,
environments through television, media,
paying your bills on time.
All the habits that we grew up with,
that our parents and the schools
were supposed to tell us about,
a lot of that was left out,
and mind control
that's a big term that I'm sure the banks wouldn't like
to be identified with.
However,
when I see commercials
that foreshadow behavior
and like prior to the Olympics,
the Olympics' main sponsors were credit card companies.
Visa, it's everywhere you wanna be.
It's everywhere you wanna be.
These slogans, a type of embedded commands--
Freedom.
Yeah, freedom.
Now the idea of that
is not really true,
as most of us are discovering now.
But the commercial campaign and education combined,
when credit card companies first started to come out,
they wanted to extend your identity
to the card itself,
so that it became part of a cultural,
fashionable identity.
Like having a Platinum or a Gold.
Yeah, Platinum, Gold Card, all those things.
Pulling it out when you're on a date,
and your Platinum Card,
hello, do you know what I am, type of thing.
All this imaginary type of scenarios creating
a relationship between self-esteem
and illusionary money,
has caused a massive, massive problem.
But mind control, I would say that's a term
that I would completely put together
with banking,
how it works today with credit card companies.
Watch any commercial today,
it's designed to,
especially if it's credit cards,
is to
suggest something to your self-worth
and your self-esteem.
Visa, prior to the Olympics, came out with commercials where
they showed people in malls like robots,
and they'd come out and they'd pay for their products,
and then somebody in the line would pull out cash.
And then the commercial would freeze,
wait two, three beats,
and then they would show the actor
looking at the opposing person that paid with cash
like there's something wrong with them.
Like, what are you doing?
You're interrupting things right now by using cash.
Like there's something wrong with them.
Are you a Neanderthal?
Are you a Neanderthal, yes.
All these, there's something the matter with you.
All these campaigns suggesting that to people
is a dangerous game because
the two things that are most personal to people
are money and sex.
Money and the relationship somebody has with it,
when they're going against the television,
schools and all these things attacking them,
suggesting them a certain thing when it doesn't exist.
I would say that's major mind control.
Because
I know that when I've taken somebody from a place
of being in alleged credit card debt,
that doesn't exist,
and I have to take that person and reframe them,
reframe their conscience so that they understand
they can go from an identity of
I owe this alleged amount of money,
to a place where, wow, I don't actually owe them,
and I created the money out of thin air.
And the merchants are paid off,
and this bill doesn't really exist
and why should I be working for the bank,
everybody's been paid,
that must mean that I'm like a battery pack
or a laborer for the bank?
But where do you inject the consciousness
of okay, I bought into it.
I got drunk on the whole thing, too.
I took the credit card out,
I bought stuff I couldn't afford.
How do you meld these levels of consciousness at this point,
before you start working with someone?
First of all, if they call me,
first thing I know is that they're a complete media casualty
to begin with.
That I'm dealing with somebody that
most of the time they apologize to me,
which is really weird.
You don't need to apologize me because of something
that I have nothing to do with,
you're talking to me the first time.
And this is commonplace on the radio,
in person,
via email,
they would apologize and confess their sins to me
like they've done something wrong.
(sniveling) I bought things I shouldn't have bought.
Yes, and all this, issues.
and I'm like, that's not the issue at all.
Never mind that they've had come-ons from the time
they were probably 15 years old
to take credit out, no less dogs,
and even deceased people can get credit cards.
Got outta control
and
now here I am and they're confessing to me
all their problems,
and now they want me to help them out of it,
which I do.
But one of the things and the most important thing
is making them understand from the inside out
what happened to them,
how it's affected their whole behavior,
their family, their relationships,
their goals, their business.
Everything, basically.
Their entire life.
So I have to take them from a position of years
of conditioned responses
of,
I owe.
In a family union,
coming home, realizing, oh that bill's 15,000,
that's 20,000.
And what that does, the shame that happens,
'cause usually by the time they found me
they've dealt with collectors
and they feel like the biggest losers of all time.
Granted, people on the opposing side say,
"Well, they coulda read the terms and agreement,
they could've done this responsibly,"
or whatever.
That's true, but it's not true
for people that are children,
students,
who are leaving high school
going into a higher institute of learning,
and then when they go there
they aren't told the facts about finance.
Even though they're in supposed to be a school,
which to me is supposed to be a sacred place
without the invasion of big corporate companies
coming in a raping our students.
These people have worked very hard
just to get where they're at.
In some cases, they come as freshmen
and they're attacked by the banks.
When you say attack, go ahead and explain.
When I say attacked by the banks I say,
they show up on campus and get children,
to me they're still children.
Eh, 18 years old.
Yeah, that have their dreams set up
for their life.
I wanna be this, I wanna do this, I wanna go this.
I should start getting credit now
'cause I wanna get married and I wanna build my life.
It's the platform for building your life.
You can't build a life without credit they tell you.
Yeah, you can't build a life, you can't do it.
It's been kinda true lately.
That's right.
So then what happens these students get into these positions
where they've got the campus Citibank,
or whatever bank is there that's coming,
Capital One, whatever.
They're all very public about it.
Come there, the get you into one,
sign up, it's only $500,
but they got you.
And then they just say, well just keep paying your minimums.
You become a revolving account person
which means you're basically a slave,
and now you're interacting--
Oh, but a AAA's credit ratings life.
That's right, you're good, employee.
And if you're a good employee we're gonna give you more.
Which you're rewarded for paying on time
and all these things.
While you're making more debt
you're being rewarded by getting more to spend.
Then you have your peers around you doing the same thing.
Then you have television telling you.
Then you have magazines telling you.
That you have to have that $1,500 purse.
That's right.
And that your credit
is your digital identity
that is now going to determine your future.
So while we advertise on television
these grand illusions of wealth and what not,
none of it's really real.
So I would say that is a type of mind control.
It's not the truth,
it is a gigantic fraud,
and it's hurt people all over the world.
I've dealt with people that've come to me
that are in a position of killing themselves.
They're ready to do it.
They come to me as a last bout,
and then when I'm at them
I have to do a reframe from the inside out on them,
to get them to see that
it's not there.
Nobody's gonna be able to prove to you that they
loaned you this money.
Please go out and look in all the courts
in the United States,
where a credit card company proved that they loaned
money to you.
Doesn't exist.
And then I explain to 'em what happened to them.
Then there's this sigh of relief
but I'm fighting against years and years and years
of conditioning.
So it comes off like I'm a total alien to them,
telling them that all the debts that you have,
they're not really there.
Then when you need to make the decision to understand that
we're gonna turn this around and you're gonna start tellin'
the bank what to do.
You tell them what to do,
you don't receive and take orders from them anymore.
So what I'm doing is I'm taking a person
and doing a total 360 on them,
and I explain to them, getting out of the debt,
administratively, legally, is easy.
'Cause I've done it millions of times for people
all over the US and different countries,
different environments.
But they have to be ready to look at themselves
and their lives, and be ready.
I mean it's not like you're just filling out paperwork them.
No, that's not it at all because what I'm trying to do--
You're having to reframe their whole life
and perception of themselves.
Absolutely.
We have to do a total reframe on them
because I said it's easy to get out of it,
it's what you do afterwards.
It's like sitting down with somebody and saying,
this is what we're gonna do but tomorrow when you wake up,
one of your feet is gonna be chopped off.
That's a big adjustment.
Major adjustment.
That's the type of thing that I'm asking people to do.
When I get on the radio I reinforce this idea
that they need to rethink finance,
their self-esteem, their value,
their relationships.
I've had people call me,
been like, "Just don't tell my wife about this."
All these relationship issues with people
that are on the brink of divorce,
it's tearing families to pieces.
Women deal with this issue completely,
totally differently than men.
And I want to hear about all of this.
Totally differently than men.
This whole illusion that's been created around
having wealth that never existed to begin with
and surrounding ourself with more stuff, more vacations,
and pumping our own egos up on this.
This is the part that we have to break, right?
Yeah, because we bought into it.
Now we've arrived at a place in history where
by force, you're gonna have to change,
period.
The things you been doing, that's over now.
Over.
Not over temporarily, till the commercial comes on,
over forever.
And that's a good thing, actually there's great things
that are gonna happen from all of this.
I agree.
For a lot of people
that have been living that way
it's tragedy, fear,
violence, jealousy.
I've had all these things people propel to me
through the email or whatever.
There's a lot of effects that are happening
behaviorally to people
that the press won't even talk about.
No television station is going to come out
and flat out say,
you been lied to.
The whole thing's a lie.
Da da da da da da.
They're just not going to do it.
I would always joke on the air that when CNN
would cut to break after they been talking about
financial responsibility or whatever,
commercial will come up and it's for a credit card company.
Like, what are you saying?
(laughs) Right, well they still seem to be advertising
but as far as I understand, right now,
credit's pretty much drying up.
Yeah, what they're doing now
all the credit card companies,
regardless of what you say because when you sign
the credit card agreement,
you didn't have any rights.
We're gonna tell you how it is, period.
So if you've had a $10,000 spending limit,
there, we'll just cut it down to six or seven,
no questions asked.
I don't care what you've done, how good you've been,
how well you've paid,
there is no rewards for financial responsibility
in the credit game.
You don't get anything extra for that.
They never have done that.
It seems like you would,
but the reward is you get more credit.
But really they're like,
would you like to stab yourself some more?
You really wanna torture, come on, go ahead.
So it's kinda like that, they wanna get you involved
that way and the whole thing's a total lie.
It's a vast identity crisis
which the entire country,
and the rest of the world is in the middle of.
So let's say you take a male that comes in, a man.
Maybe 45 years old, has a kid in high school,
another one that's getting ready to go to college.
Maybe he already has about 35,000 in debt,
not much savings.
Right, it's over for him.
It's over.
Most people at 6,000, it's over.
So now what do you do?
If somebody comes to me at that particular place--
And what happens to him, what's a classic portfolio?
Classic is, I'm gonna lose my family,
I'm working three jobs,
and I wanna kill myself.
'Cause I'm just existing, I'm not living.
Most of the people that arrive in this particular situation,
they're just existing now,
so they're just working two or three jobs.
They have their career,
then they work for Capital One,
they work for Chase,
and they work for American Express.
They don't even know it.
So, guy comes to me in that particular scenario,
I have to determine how much alleged debt that he has,
then I have to suggest to him and teach him,
that
if you're gonna do what I ask of you
and go through these changes,
you're gonna have to follow this procedure,
and do this, and do this, administratively.
But then you're gonna have to change your behavior
and stop looking in the rear view mirror,
and start looking forward and seeing what's happening
and how you will change and modify your behavior
to recreate your ideas about what wealth is.
You, if you have no debts,
live in a small apartment,
bills are paid,
and you have savings,
that's wealth.
That's wealth.
Despite whatever class and how much that is.
If you're doing that, which some people are,
that's wealth.
And from that your credibility,
that's wealth,
because you aren't going into contracts that you're set up
to fail with.
And the credit card agreement you're doomed to fail that,
in some fashion.
Even if you've done everything perfectly
you are running a gigantic risk of using a credit card
just because of now, the social pressures,
and identity theft,
make it dangerous to use a credit card in most cases.
Even though all the advertisements that,
"We got everything under control.
With all our security countermeasures and so forth."
It's not really,
because I broke on the radio that in London,
the head of Homeland Security came out and made a statement
that 40 million accounts had been hacked into.
Credit reports had been thrashed.
Lot of these people were students,
of course.
And it was done through a hacking procedure,
mobile hacking procedure,
that I talked about on the air.
So what I do
is I totally destroy
their idea of their relationship between this credit card
and me.
I take this, and destroy it.
And cut this part out.
And then I reframe the person's idea of what wealth is
and financial responsibility is, and so forth.
I assume you're on a cash and carry basis after that.
Yeah, yeah.
You'll help 'em out
but they better understand they're cash and carry.
I don't wanna hear from 'em again, either.
I tell 'em you do this once and you get it together,
'cause I've never taken on a client twice.
But I've have everybody come in for me,
and it's all relative.
Some students come in with like 8,000 and think it's,
they're gonna kill themselves.
And I've had that.
And I had people come in with over half million.
All different walks of life, lawyers, students,
doctors,
every class,
foreigners,
all come to me.
Married couples deal with it completely different way.
I have to do an intervention most of the time
with married couples
(laughing)
because they're ready to kill themselves
'cause they're blaming each other.
Or kill each other.
Let's talk about the female
part of that.
Now we talked about a typical scenario with a man,
what's a typical scenario with a woman
that would come to you,
and how does she respond, what's this mean to her identity?
She's totally embarrassed that she's gonna
have to talk to me,
completely petrified,
doesn't believe anything,
and is afraid that she's going to be homeless.
That's who they are.
The security button.
That's it.
Because they have to deal with a different identity crisis
of being an independent woman,
making their own money,
their sense of value,
survival,
class,
self-esteem.
All of that comes into play
so by the time they come to me,
I have to work even harder to make them understand
what has happened to them,
what they need to do,
where they need to go.
More fear.
I assume there's more fear.
Oh, complete, total fear.
As a woman I understand that
because I was probably in my 30s
before I was even allowed to have credit.
Right, yes.
Right?
I've been paying the bills but I wasn't even allowed to.
It's a very serious issue for woman.
Very serious, and we're good girls.
We pay our bills on time.
And we don't wanna rely on a guy,
we're tough, we got all our stuff together.
Well you have to just in case, right?
That's right.
(laughing)
So there is a lot of fear around survival,
what happens, there's no net.
I show them that their thinking strategies are wrong.
That they didn't get all the information,
and not to believe me.
Go and look here, here, here, here, here,
and then come back and then determine
whether I'm saying is correct.
Then it's up to them at that point if they wanna go with
the procedure administratively, to get rid of it.
Then it's up to them.
And I don't really talk to people more than once or twice,
'cause I find I'm interested in their resonance
in relation to this idea of what the debt is.
So I have to take these two things and dissolve them
into something completely different
so that they can understand where they're headed toward.
'Cause lot of 'em don't understand,
so I'll say listen, listen to me on the radio,
and make that be your mantra
and introduce this new behavior strategy over and over
and over again.
'Cause you've had like 20 years of lies
and stuff that's not gonna be working anymore.
It's all over the radio, all over LA, everybody's angry,
everybody's yellin' at each other,
it's caused this major uproar in the south.
All different types of people responding to this crisis
in a different way.
Behind the scenes, there's a lot of potential ideas of war
happening that,
I was on--
You mean domestically?
Domestically, yes.
When I originally started on the radio I was reluctant
to do that and come out with all this stuff
'cause I thought, I may be a target.
And then I thought, no.
Sometimes you just gotta step up to the plate,
and I knew enough about it,
and I could explain it in a different way
that would relieve somebody.
That they could forgive themselves and move forward,
and do so, and I would say that it was responsible.
I didn't really wanna talk about it on the radio,
and then when I did,
I started to hear and understand
how far and wide this goes.
As soon as there was ideas of violence and whatnot,
I had to say on the air that,
this may be everybody's problem, and everybody set this up,
whoever is to blame,
but the great thing about this is
it's gonna bring everybody together in a different way.
Mm-hmm, absolutely.
Now people know something's wrong
they don't know precisely what's wrong and it's opening
the doors of discussion,
neighbors are starting to speak to each other,
their problems are now your problems.
Oh, you got this, too?
What did they do to you?
I used to have conference calls with 40 people
on the telephone,
and I would talk to 'em all about why
this isn't your own problem,
and stop beating yourself.
'Cause I said, how many people on this conference call
got this letter?
And I would read it,
and 15, 20 of them all got the same letter.
And I explained to them how
the handling
of your idea of your debt is managed
through the written word,
with language.
How they would use, you, all the time,
in the bills that we get,
if you start collection.
You owe this amount, and we want you to call us,
and it's your responsibility, you you you, like 20 times.
I explain how they do the whole thing.
How they modify your behavior to think a certain way.
To be unfair.
Yes, and to be enslaved.
Enslaved, yeah.
I would uproot all of that, destroy their ideas about it,
reframe into something else,
and then liberate their consciousness.
That was my main goal is to bridge minds,
bring everybody together,
liberate consciousness and realize
this issue with the credit industry,
there's a much bigger thing going on here.
And it's actually a time of celebration
'cause we're going through a big paradigm shift,
it's gonna be little bit painful
but there's gonna be a lot of things to look forward to
as we enter into the digital environment where
now the introductions of new technologies are gonna destroy
our idea of money,
social class, wealth,
forever.
Let's talk about that.
I was just going to ask you one thing
because I think this is something that when I heard it
it made an impression, and that was that,
when you take out a credit card it's similar to a loan
where that money is loaned out again and again.
They've actually been repaid.
Yes, they recycle them.
Very early on in the game.
So it's more than a hundred percent profit for them,
you taking out a credit card.
Yeah.
Yes.
Because if they're not offering you anything.
Right, right.
And then you pay them money from your labor.
Right.
Does that sound fair?
No.
So you got this whole problem.
It's not as though there's a great deal of suffering
electronically on the other end as it's all
electronic anyway.
(laughing)
Exactly, exactly.
Let's talk about the big picture.
Let's talk about what's coming,
the fact that trillions,
you told me off camera trillions of dollars have evaporated
through security hacks in the banking system.
It seems to be okay today
that whatever government it is,
not necessarily the US.
Wherever.
Financial responsibility
and when money just
evaporates
and our leaders come out and say we don't know where it is.
The responsibility level of that and how we relate to it,
I don't think people understand
what is going on behind the seams
in terms of our information overload that we're in.
And what that's done to banking.
'Cause when the computer came out
most of us used to pay our bills by sending
checks in the mail.
And when people started
to get computers and started paying bills online
and getting credit card offers online
and we starting interacting with the machines.
Millions and millions of these credit card issuers
were coming out,
30 second approval,
massive amounts of data were going back and forth,
people were charging things the money they didn't have.
We've got exchanges of information
and people stealing information,
in terms of ones and zeros and amounts,
through SWIFT codes, which are the banking codes
of how people transfer money.
Now if I'm a scumbag running a big country
and I have access to billions,
and I'm competing with other countries
in other markets
where I'm transferring funds back and forth
in the billions,
and I have the technology to understand
that technology dictates modality.
I can go in and essentially steal money,
and take it, hide it,
and transfer it and create places where I can
create interest on the slush funds.
And this is going on regularly?
Yeah, and it's been reported very quietly
on some websites.
I don't name names with it,
I just suggest it as a possibility,
and most of the time when I've explained
what the electrical environment can do,
they take that and go wow,
maybe that can happen
and that's what's really going on behind the scenes,
is the hijacking of funds all over the world,
and the inability to control that.
I reinforced that point couple days ago
when I was on the air and I talked about
the World Bank got hacked into.
The World Bank.
A major bank with the IMF up there
that handles billions had been hacked into,
and had been hacked into, for a long time
by a foreign country,
and it coulda been counterintelligence,
it coulda been real information.
But that's not the point.
The point is
that subject matter is out there,
and I've experienced myself
funds being taken out from nowhere.
I never found out who did it.
You've experienced identity theft.
I've had experienced identity theft.
Front monies have evaporated from your account.
Money in my savings, gone in increments of 30.
30 amounts, $30, repeatedly, in cycles.
All of a sudden a program comes in,
fssht, takes it.
Big investigations going on about
where it's from, who's doing it.
Then I talked to the Cyber Crime Division with the FBI,
and they can't handle nor with they answer
how prevalent this is.
Nobody's talking about that.
That is the biggest thing that nobody is talking about,
is what the electrical environment does to banking
and the future of it.
'Cause now we have this virtual economy going,
people are responding,
when they see the media we see this fluctuation
going up and down,
like respond to emotionally what's happening to the market.
While we're being told that the credit markets
are saturated.
And the real information now is us communicating
back and forth, typing, information flow,
boom boom boom boom, all the time.
What I did specifically for today
is, I knew that you were coming,
I spoke specifically about that,
because it's the one thing that I talk about
that nobody else in the financial world
will talk about at all.
The position that we're in today,
I commented on the radio so people can go listen
to the archives of the date, of this broadcast,
of this interview right now,
and they can get further information from an expert,
who's a mediacologist and has talked about
the introduction of a new technology,
which is cold fusion.
Which has been held back from the public
for so long.
Yes, it has.
For so long, and then we've heard for years
about Pons and Fleischman and cold fusion,
and misinformation, it doesn't work, it does work,
it doesn't work.
The powers to be understand that if you're to bring
something like that into the market,
that the economy and value and money
is gonna be over, it's gonna be something different.
Make the link for me.
Well, if you bring in this device
it's gonna make the person that invented it
a quadrillionaire overnight.
'Cause you buy it once and you have power for the rest
of your life.
So, the person becomes a quadrillionaire,
but then nobody buys the product again.
So the quadrillionaire now
has all this so-called money from buying it,
but it doesn't have any value in the new environment
which it brings.
So we've had some people behind the scenes,
that have been known what the computer has done to banking,
and realized with all the other problems of the world,
in fossil fuels,
and pollution,
and this fractionalized banking, fiat money system,
doesn't work in the digital environment.
That seems obvious right now.
Yeah, that we're gonna have to go to a new place,
for all of us, the whole world,
money and exchange of value
is gonna be a different thing in the future.
So you have powers that be behind the scenes
that decided that since after the Olympics,
China,
essentially the computers or technology,
declared war on that country.
By all these other artificial environments
they've held off internet content of it,
the modernization of that country.
The computers come in and without anybody doing it,
just humans interacting with technology,
will destroy communism in a sense.
We have a whole different place for the entire world,
we never been here before.
So we're going to a new place where new technologies
are gonna have to be implemented,
and when it does.
Mcloone talked about that,
anytime a new technology's introduced
and we start interacting in it,
there's all these effects that happen from it,
one of which is war.
There's gonna be a lot of violence,
of who's gonna control this?
What are the effects on the family?
Work, what will I do for work?
You're gonna have all this extra time.
The gas company is gone,
the car companies are gone,
or they're gonna be different.
It will change everything.
Our schooling will change,
all the ideas about physics and all those things,
and energy,
gone.
Gone.
All the people that had jobs
and trained for years in school, got their education,
this device comes in,
we don't need them anymore.
True.
That's how the whole thing that's going to happen.
When the next five years or so,
it's already started, I was given the data,
it was 8/28/08
is when the official
idea
of cold fusion was initiated
and given to the public.
I said it on the air from one of the people that I talk to
who's a mediacologist
about why that was the date,
and he went into, "I don't quite understand that."
I talk about it but I'm more talking about cold fusion
so people understand that
the credit card, and money, and energy,
and how we do information back and forth,
it's all gonna change.
And there's massive identity crisis right now
of where we're going and how we're gonna survive.
I've had these credit cards and I've been surviving off them
and my business survives.
We need to let that go.
Yeah, it's over.
We need to let the whole notion of,
gee, but what if my credit score goes down?
What difference does it make?
I suppose on one level if you're never going to be issued
credit again. (laughs)
Right, and do you want it?
Do you really wanna go through that again?
Exactly.
So I have to deal with all those type of things.
There's a lot of people that talk about finance
on big TV,
but they're not telling you the entire truth
because they're working for the banks.
Experts on CNN and whatnot talk about
credit card responsibility,
I could name names and all who they are,
what they're doing.
Even the most responsible one on radio
that has a show about credit cards
works for the bank.
That came out in a bunch of documentaries
that came out about the credit card industry,
and who's really doing what
and who's really telling the truth.
I don't work for the banks.
I don't like what they've done.
I don't like how they've manipulated everybody.
I don't like being a slave,
I like freedom.
I like freedom of consciousness,
freedom of choice.
And I like to be able to assist
in liberating somebody's consciousness and soul
so they can go from this despair
into a new range of thinking
and realize there's something better that's coming
for everybody.
And they're actually involved
in a gigantic transition
for the entire world.
Some people talk about this 2012 issue,
and I talked about it today,
and I wanted to address that on the radio
with this particular gentleman
who I work with,
about that,
'cause I knew you were coming
and a lot of people on your network talk about that.
The 2012 to me has already started.
The real transition is the introduction of the
frictionless-based society,
cold fusion.
Perhaps the end of the calendar that they were talking about
has to do with
the new identity shift
of humanity.
Breaking away of the illusion.
Breaking away from the illusion.
I was interested and I understood what Apacalypto,
when they made that movie and Mel Gibson directed,
the very end of it the Indian runs out to the ocean,
and he's been in a very old tribe
of a different thinking modality.
He goes out there and he sees the ship.
That's like a UFO to him.
Right.
That's the shift that we're talking about.
That you seen it
and, (loud snapping) discovery,
transition happens.
Why I'm saying is that cold fusion will do that,
it will change forever, banking, finance, value.
Everything,
and it's coming.
That and I asked questions
and had people addressed questions to me,
is it orchestrated?
And I would tend to agree, yes.
This global collapse is orchestrated.
It certainly appears that there's some truth in that.
Now cold fusion, back to that for a moment,
do you know which country that it's being?
China.
That's what I heard.
Even though US has had cold fusion for 50, 60 years.
But it's coming through China.
Yeah, and there's reasons why
that culture,
that base of people and that thinking,
why they would get it
versus a different country.
Because every time you introduce a technology
to an environment,
there's gonna be major effects.
If I go down to the jungle
and give them a buzzsaw,
in the jungle,
that will have some good effects
and it'll have some bad effects.
The bad effects are some guy could get that
and cut everything down forever.
Good effects are, maybe this guy makes more money.
So we have to look at technology and what it does
to the environment in many different ways,
from many different angles,
so it's responsible.
I think reason cold fusion has been held back
is because they knew the digital environment was going
to implode on itself and the banking world,
and we wanted to introduce a new technology
that in sense bring us all together.
I don't think that money
in terms of our idea
that it's going to carry in stuff,
our dollars, our little pieces of paper,
aren't gonna mean anything.
And people don't really use that anyway,
they all wanna feel safer with the card.
Made to feel safer with cards.
Yeah, that's not true exactly.
I'm just trying to get my mind around this a little bit.
Is it possible that the cold fusion card
is sort of the ace in the hole
for the Chinese?
As a result of floating this massive debt to this country.
Yes.
For so long?
I haven't been giving the precise reasons,
but I know that
that the powers that be have to be in the future.
Because they have to be responsible for technology,
'cause I understand what it does to humans
and how we behave with each other.
The Chinese have basically held up Wall Street
for a long time.
It's interesting to me that after they did their display
at the Olympics,
the opening ceremonies
was like, hello?
We're here.
Everybody saw that and that was like, whoa.
It was interesting that was happening
and I would talk about it on the radio,
we'd break during the opening ceremonies,
Visa, it's everywhere you wanna be!
All these credit card commercials on
and they take the heroicism of these great athletes,
have trained their entire life,
they take the idea of this Visa, everywhere you wanna be,
create a neuro-association between these Olympic champions.
Sponsor them directly.
Sponsor them directly,
then create heroes,
credit card user heroes out of the gold medalists,
and they would do it immediately.
The commercial's produced and done, in the can,
so by the time person got the gold medal
they're already doing commercials
for the credit card companies.
Noticed that, that was amazing.
We're going through a global meltdown.
So people are asleep in the United States,
they're still getting it on them all the time.
It was just like, this is crazy.
There's two different messages,
and then if you switch channels you got
Gerry Butler on CNN saying,
"You need to pay your bills off."
But then you got people saying don't use credit,
what's the message here?
That's colliding ideas, all the time,
and chaos.
And chaos and confusion.
It's worked, people are confused and there's a lot of chaos.
Now let's talk a little bit about,
say a person has come to you
with same kind of troubles we were talking about earlier.
Just a couple of the tenants
'cause we're not going to have time to share the whole thing
that you actually do for them.
What do they have to be willing to confront
besides the personal illusory issue
of their identity with the card?
Beyond that in a practical sense
what's gonna happen to them?
First they have to go through the paradigm shift here.
I am not a guy that takes on people twice.
I do it once.
I do the procedure, get 'em out of the alleged debt,
the school loan, whatever unsecured loan that they have.
I explain that to them.
It's interesting because
I interrupt their patterns.
Twice, in phone conversations,
and then I reinforce the interruption of those pattens
by having them listen to me on the radio.
Then what I tell them is
what you're going to have to do now is
you are going to have to face your old belief system,
everyday as you go through this process,
and the phone starts ringing,
start getting letters in the mail
of your old self believing things that aren't true.
Now are you gonna believe me,
or you gonna believe the letters that come through
every month?
All these triggers going off for old behaviors--
Lawsuits?
Lawsuits.
They have to expect the possibility of that coming to them.
If they understand what's really going on
and they understand the concept,
they're not afraid of the court.
In most cases, my clients never deal with the court
in the first place.
It's not something they have to deal with
hands on, ever.
That was a big problem in the beginning,
is because a lot of people
wouldn't deal with these alleged debts,
and deal with administratively 'cause they're too afraid
of the courts.
And I proved to them and I proven on the radio
that the procedure for collecting on alleged debts
is a procedure, it follows a certain sequence.
Certain banks do certain things depending upon
how much you have,
what state you live in,
if they're gonna arbitrate on you,
if they're gonna sue on you.
The collection process, the whole thing follows--
Who are most aggressive banks?
Most aggressive banks are Citibank,
without a doubt,
absolutely,
reptile, devil, evil,
there's nothing good there, at all.
(laughing)
I've got people calling in
from all over the place that hate those guys.
I never will deal with them.
Second after that, is Discover.
Third after that used to be MBNA.
Fourth after that, American Express.
And then after that it falls with Fleet,
Wells Fargo, Capital One, all those cards.
Where's Chase?
Chase is kind of in the middle.
None of 'em follow the laws, at all.
It's not just me saying that it's all over the web,
people have made it in documentaries,
it's very common knowledge.
They don't follow procedure,
they're not customer friendly at all.
Plenty of documentation to indicate that.
They
have people get on the phone,
not in writing, they always go with the phone first,
and they illicit responses of the people on the
opposing end of the phone to determine,
how much they've got,
how scared they are,
what they're gonna do,
if they're working,
and if they're a good person to sue.
That's done on purpose to determine whether or not
me being the person that's carrying this alleged debt
and now who's bought for pennies on the dollar
is coming after you for the entire amount,
plus interest, plus penalties, (tongue floundering) forever.
All that crap.
You've got to determine
what's gonna happen next with them.
And I tell them everything.
Full disclosure on the whole issue,
and then what can happen if,
some credit card agreements tell you
that you do not have any rights and you're gonna arbitrate,
and you're not gonna go to any courts at all.
Just impossible, undefinable,
nobody can understand these credit card agreements
at all.
I've called people, asked people to come on the air,
please, can anybody please explain it to me?
Nobody can explain it.
How is a person supposed to explain in court?
So I give them all this information
and tell them how the banks move in on you
and what the procedure's gonna be and how it's done.
Because I've seen court cases all over the US,
I know what the judges do,
I know what the law firms do,
which law firm's the most prevalent,
which ones represent these alleged debts.
They all work in union
with the credit reporting agencies,
with the bank itself.
You got the credit reporting agencies, you got the bank,
you got the collection agencies,
and then you have all the media environments
making you do more.
Making it worse.
So it's just crazy what's happened
when people get themselves in these conditions.
But the aggressiveness of the courts.
Now I know that any client that I've dealt with
that's gone to court and represented themself
by education that they've received,
we've told them,
there is no silver bullet in this.
Sometimes you may lose.
But
did you really expect a judge who's going to say
the bank didn't loan you any money?
That's not how the cases were won.
The money creation issue has never gone up
into the higher courts,
they've been shut down.
I was lucky enough to see, historically, over time,
what the courts did and how they're just jammed
with these credit card cases from all over the country.
And I had 80-year-old ladies go against Citibank
and beat 'em.
I've had young students beat other banks,
but it required a lot of courage,
and it required them learning something new
and changing their identity.
Big paradigm shift for people to get out of this,
but I say, look,
then pay it off.
It's not easy.
Pay it off then.
Do it that way.
I'd say you can do it this way, you can do it that way,
but do you really wanna pay on that
for the rest of your life?
Right.
So either way, you have to pay the piper.
It's not an easy thing to do
but it's not only doable, you've done it a lot.
It's easier now.
I've done it many different ways, I've done it.
I've done it by using the laws against them,
I've done it by having somebody else handle
the alleged debt,
I've done it by, go read A, and B, and begin.
I've done it many different ways to help people
but it's always
a person has to put a little bit of
inertia into it.
You have to have courage.
You gotta be able to go for it a little bit.
For some people they've been so, like.
For women, most of them are like,
"Well, I donno if I should do it."
It's only when they're backed up,
right against the very back
and they got nothing else to do, and this is it.
Then they do it.
Some people call me and they talk to me,
give 'em the whole scoop
and then I don't hear from 'em for seven months.
What do you tell someone right now who's starting
to feel the squeeze already?
They know they're gonna begin falling behind
on their payments on their new Hummer.
Find me.
I will tell you exactly what your choices are,
and that the Hummer that you thought--
Can you just say, oh please, Mr. Hummer seller,
take your Hummer. (laughs)
I'd just totally reframe that and said,
these feelings that you have with that Hummer?
They're just feelings.
(giggling)
You'll have them for a little while
and then you'll get over it,
and then you'll just be driving like another car
you did before.
Then it'll be no big deal.
But right now--
Does repossession a good position to let them fall into?
I've had people come in to me
with those particular situations,
and some of them have said they've given it back,
or whatever, and lost it.
I've had worst-case scenarios come to me.
'Cause I been thinking a lot of people are probably
gonna be faced with them down the road,
losing their automobiles and everything else.
Lose their house, lose their car,
had the Katrina victims came to me.
They weren't helped out by the banks or at all.
Nothing.
They didn't get help from anybody.
Everybody got smashed in that.
Disgusting.
So they lost their home, the lost everything,
I had those people.
I've had people that were getting sued,
now this is interesting,
they were getting sued on debts that were
way past the statute of limitations to collect on,
but they didn't know it.
See the collection agencies and law firms
they expect you to be a moron.
They want you to be a moron.
They need you to be a moron.
But if you're up-to-date on what's going on
and you realize that you can't sue when something's
beyond the statute of limitations,
they get over it a lot easier.
It's mostly education.
Another thing that was happening behind the scenes,
'cause I knew we're in trouble when
people were getting sued on people that were dead.
Right.
Guy calls me from New York,
I'm on the air with him and he's telling me,
"I got this amount of debt and I'm being sued by Citibank
on my Dad's $2,300 credit card debt,
and he's been dead three years ago."
And I'm like,
what in the world is going on?
That is crazy.
It's over.
It's not your responsibility.
After death.
The guy's dead and they're still suing,
and that's all over the place.
Yes, I've heard of that.
What is that? That's not fair.
So what happens with,
there are a lot of these people on billboards,
and on late night TV ads and such,
"Let us take care of your debt."
And I know a couple people who've tried that
and been ripped, and it didn't do a thing.
What are they doing?
What's going on?
This is a tricky field.
This is why most people
in the outside world of debt consolidation,
settlement,
Consumer Credit Counseling,
bankruptcy,
those are the choices, generally.
Bankruptcy you can't do on credit cards anymore,
and it's not really bankruptcy in the terms of credit cards
who doesn't work,
thanks to Bush, and MBNA, they got that law passed,
so that we couldn't do anything.
Then you have Consumer Credit Counseling
what's basically
they negotiate the amounts of these alleged debts,
then go into your personal life,
find out every penny that you have,
what your behavior is, everything about you.
And they see to it that you pay them every month,
and they make sure that the creditors know that
you're gonna be paying for the next 50 years
on these things.
Then you have settlements,
which aren't very good either because
people that done settlements have gotten sued
for the remaining balance on the settlements
that they agreed to
on credit cards.
Like on of those calls that comes in where they say,
"Look, we're gonna make you a deal."
What's classic?
What would that phone call be like,
from the credit card company?
Someone's behind two months.
Hey, you owe 15 grand,
we got a great deal for ya,
pay 70% right now,
it's over.
Big mistake.
And people say, oh okay.
And most people don't have 70% to even pay
in the first place, so it's not a deal in the first place.
Second of all, when you settle it,
you're admitting that the debt was there.
And when you get a report in your credit report,
it's supposed to say settled as agreed
but often time it does not reflect that at all.
If you do settlements you have to be really careful
when you do them.
I've had people that come to me, students,
I tell them to settle it 'cause it's like $2, $3,000.
I said, don't panic, this is what you need to do,
but if you settle it, do it very well
because I've had people go and settle on these
alleged debt,
and they get sued for the remaining balance.
Some people settle on $15,000 alleged credit card debt
they settle ten, then they get sued on the rest of it.
Is that right?
They had agreements, that it was over.
That was happening all over the place, too,
so I don't tell them to settle either.
The options for people out there are not very good.
And are there some that are just ripping people off,
saying yeah, give us a little money, we'll take care of it?
And then they don't.
Right.
There's a lot of companies out there
that don't explain the entire thing,
and they do not perform right.
I tell people all the problematic issues that will occur,
there is not silver bullet in this,
and that you have to understand and be responsible
at the end of the day for it.
Just because I have a track record with my clients
for a certain amount of time does not mean
there's not been complaints, there has been.
There's always been complaints when people
have dealt with me or a company I've dealt with,
getting rid of these things.
Because most of the time when people come to me
they can't read, they can't write,
they don't follow procedure correctly,
they didn't hear what I told them in the beginning
and said, these are the things that can happen.
And I told people in the beginning,
I said if you're concerned about this,
you have assets,
before you begin this, you can do this.
So if you do get sued, you have a judgment on you,
they're not gonna get anything anyway.
So I went through all that stuff,
so I made sure that if people came to me,
they had all the options before them,
they were given all the possible things that occur.
And there's a lot of companies out there
that don't come through,
they take people's money and nothing happens,
or it doesn't turn out right,
and there's loads of them.
People are using very sophisticated legal paperwork
that has gotten them into trouble
'cause they don't know how to use it.
I won't talk about what this is
but a lot of people that were trying to play tricks
with the banks, paperwork-wise,
went to jail.
They got questioned by the Federal Bureau Investigation,
FBI came to them.
The Justice Department came to them.
I even spoke with the Justice Department myself
about that type of paperwork.
What I do is I tell them
we're gonna use the laws in place,
which you can look at yourself,
and we're gonna use it on the company themselves.
Right.
So that the company you have
supposedly a contract agreement with,
they have to perform, too.
So we use the laws in place so they understand them,
so there's no razzle-dazzle
legal magic going on.
So they understand up front.
Because I understand that when people come to me
it's a last-ditch effort,
and I wanna blow their whole
feeling that there's nothing that can be done.
So I'm very careful.
So once this happens, once a person is clear,
we can see what happens to their lives then.
Credit ratings is not gonna matter in the future anyway.
What do you see as the silver lining to the crumbling
of this old structure of credit, banking, everything?
The silver lining is
our identity and how we relate to money,
and our value of ourselves
and our neighbors,
it's going to change forever.
Forever.
You may not see it tomorrow or the next day,
but when cold fusion comes out
and other technologies come out,
the idea of what wealth was or is
will be forever changed.
This was
incredible today,
is an amazing time in history
because our whole idea of a value,
and the economic global meltdown
of everybody panicking and all the banks
closing down all over the place.
Has never happened before like this.
So all of us are participating in it,
and actually there's some great things to look forward to.
If you wanna make it really hard,
you can do what
Ron Paul is doing.
Now I agree with a lot of his things,
but he's holding on to a past environment
that's never gonna come back again,
'cause he's not including the effects
of the digital environment on his ideas.
When I was on the air I was talking about that,
and addressing that, I never spoke to him personally.
I was saying, you need to address that in your campaign,
and talk about that because that stuff's never gonna change.
You have a whole class of people behind you
that don't realize a lot of their ideas are obsolete now.
That aren't gonna matter.
So the silver lining
is there's good things look forward to.
We're gonna have to go through a lot
of problematic change 'cause,
you tell somebody to quit smoking,
that they've been doing it for a long time.
They got to work out their problems,
and they make it very difficult.
and change for people in terms of money
that's a big deal.
It's not gonna be easy for people
unless they go through major behavior modification.
They're gonna have to do it on their own
because I'm not gonna get much cooperation
from mainstream media.
Nor anybody else, for that matter.
It really is an internal journey of true values.
Yes.
I would say, look, if you wanna go for it,
go on a media fast,
get out of the environment,
shut off all your electronic devices,
get away from the TV.
Everything, for like two weeks,
and rethink about who you are,
how you relate to money,
and where you're going.
And then when it's time, you've got that
in a group dynamic with a bunch of people,
'cause it's easier done in a group dynamic
forming new belief systems.
You go back into the matrix, so to speak,
you wire back in,
and you have to be aware of your awareness
as your participating in the electronic environment.
So you have to have a whole new level of awareness
and understanding if you're going to survive,
as we go through this big transition.
You have to do things differently now, period.
Doesn't matter.
It's a scary time, but it's an exciting time,
all at the same time.
I would agree.
There's a lot to look forward to
and I don't think that many people right now
see that yet.
But they will.
Yeah.
They will.
To listen to James' programs just go to achieveradio.com,
the information on his show is free to everyone.
He does charge a fee however,
for his personal consultations.
Our primary purpose in bringing you this information
is to let you know that you're not powerless
just because your finances are looking dreary.
Until next time,
thanks for watching CMN.
(peaceful flute music)